{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13540\viewh12080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 INSTALLATION, COMPILATION, and USAGE
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 If you just want the OSC test app:
\b0 \
1)- open the VVOSC project in xcode.\
2)- make "VVOSCTester" your active target, make sure the build mode is set to "Release".\
3)- build the project.  the test app should be in "/build/Release/".\
\

\b If you want to use VVOSC to develop software...
\b0 \
you're either going to be working with the framework or the SDK (you don't need both).  if you're only making mac applications you can use the framework.  if you're going to be making iphone apps, you need to build the SDK.\
\

\b\fs28 Mac Applications (framework):
\b0\fs24 \

\b 1)- building the VVOSC framework
\b0 \
	a)- open the VVOSC project in xcode.  make "VVOSC Framework" your active target, make sure the build mode is set to "Release".\
	b)- build the project.  "VVOSC.framework" should now exist in "/build/Release/".\

\b 2)- using the VVOSC framework in your project
\b0 \
	a)- open your project file in xcode, drag the compiled "VVOSC.framework" into it.\
	b)- from xcode's project menu, add a new "copy files" build phase to your target.\
	c)- expand your target, drag "VVOSC.framework" (from your xcode project) into the copy files build phase you just created.\
	d)- double-click on the copy files build phase you made.  under the "general" tab, select "Frameworks" from the destination pop-up button (you're trying to make sure "VVOSC.framework" gets copied into your application package's "Frameworks" folder).\
	e)- use the framework in your source code with "#import <VVOSC/VVOSC.h>\
\

\b\fs28 iPhone and Mac Applications (SDK):
\b0\fs24 \

\b 1)- if you haven't already, install the iPhone SDK.  if it's not installed, some of these targets may not compile.\
2)- building the VVOSC SDK
\b0 \
	a)- open the VVOSC project in xcode.  select the "ALL" target, make sure the build mode is set to "Release".\
	b)- build the project.  the SDK has now been compiled, and is in your build directory.\
	c)- select the "INSTALL IPHONE SDK" target, and build it; this just copies the compiled SDK to "~/Library/SDKs/VVOSC/".\

\b 3)- using the VVOSC SDK with your project
\b0 \
	a)- open your project file in xcode.  double-click your application/target in the left-hand list of your project window (or select it and get its info).  click on the "build" tab.\
	b)- find the "Additional SDKs" option, and add "$HOME/Library/SDKs/VVOSC/$(PLATFORM_NAME).sdk"\
	c)- find the "Other Linker Flags" option, and add "-ObjC -lVVOSC".\
	d)- use the SDK in your source code with "#import <VVOSC/VVOSC.h>"}